packages/contracts/docs/IL1CrossDomainMessenger.md, before:

# IL1CrossDomainMessenger



> IL1CrossDomainMessenger





## Methods

### relayMessage

```solidity
function relayMessage(address _target, address _sender, bytes _message, uint256 _messageNonce, IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2MessageInclusionProof _proof) external nonpayable
```

Relays a cross domain message to a contract.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _sender | address | Message sender address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _messageNonce | uint256 | Nonce for the provided message.
| _proof | IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2MessageInclusionProof | Inclusion proof for the given message.

### replayMessage

```solidity
function replayMessage(address _target, address _sender, bytes _message, uint256 _queueIndex, uint32 _oldGasLimit, uint32 _newGasLimit) external nonpayable
```

Replays a cross domain message to the target messenger.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _sender | address | Original sender address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _queueIndex | uint256 | CTC Queue index for the message to replay.
| _oldGasLimit | uint32 | Original gas limit used to send the message.
| _newGasLimit | uint32 | New gas limit to be used for this message.

### sendMessage

```solidity
function sendMessage(address _target, bytes _message, uint32 _gasLimit) external nonpayable
```

Sends a cross domain message to the target messenger.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _gasLimit | uint32 | Gas limit for the provided message.

### xDomainMessageSender

```solidity
function xDomainMessageSender() external view returns (address)
```






#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | address | undefined



## Events

### FailedRelayedMessage

```solidity
event FailedRelayedMessage(bytes32 indexed msgHash)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| msgHash `indexed` | bytes32 | undefined |

### RelayedMessage

```solidity
event RelayedMessage(bytes32 indexed msgHash)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| msgHash `indexed` | bytes32 | undefined |

### SentMessage

```solidity
event SentMessage(address indexed target, address sender, bytes message, uint256 messageNonce, uint256 gasLimit)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| target `indexed` | address | undefined |
| sender  | address | undefined |
| message  | bytes | undefined |
| messageNonce  | uint256 | undefined |
| gasLimit  | uint256 | undefined |

Commit message:

[OR-474] add batchRelayMessages function in L1CrossDomainMessenger, L1CrossDomainMessengerFast

packages/contracts/docs/IL1CrossDomainMessenger.md, after:

# IL1CrossDomainMessenger



> IL1CrossDomainMessenger





## Methods

### batchRelayMessages

```solidity
function batchRelayMessages(IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2ToL1Message[] _messages) external nonpayable
```

Forwards multiple cross domain messages to the L1 Cross Domain Messenger for relaying



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _messages | IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2ToL1Message[] | An array of L2 to L1 messages

### relayMessage

```solidity
function relayMessage(address _target, address _sender, bytes _message, uint256 _messageNonce, IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2MessageInclusionProof _proof) external nonpayable
```

Relays a cross domain message to a contract.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _sender | address | Message sender address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _messageNonce | uint256 | Nonce for the provided message.
| _proof | IL1CrossDomainMessenger.L2MessageInclusionProof | Inclusion proof for the given message.

### replayMessage

```solidity
function replayMessage(address _target, address _sender, bytes _message, uint256 _queueIndex, uint32 _oldGasLimit, uint32 _newGasLimit) external nonpayable
```

Replays a cross domain message to the target messenger.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _sender | address | Original sender address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _queueIndex | uint256 | CTC Queue index for the message to replay.
| _oldGasLimit | uint32 | Original gas limit used to send the message.
| _newGasLimit | uint32 | New gas limit to be used for this message.

### sendMessage

```solidity
function sendMessage(address _target, bytes _message, uint32 _gasLimit) external nonpayable
```

Sends a cross domain message to the target messenger.



#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _target | address | Target contract address.
| _message | bytes | Message to send to the target.
| _gasLimit | uint32 | Gas limit for the provided message.

### xDomainMessageSender

```solidity
function xDomainMessageSender() external view returns (address)
```






#### Returns

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _0 | address | undefined



## Events

### FailedRelayedMessage

```solidity
event FailedRelayedMessage(bytes32 indexed msgHash)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| msgHash `indexed` | bytes32 | undefined |

### RelayedMessage

```solidity
event RelayedMessage(bytes32 indexed msgHash)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| msgHash `indexed` | bytes32 | undefined |

### SentMessage

```solidity
event SentMessage(address indexed target, address sender, bytes message, uint256 messageNonce, uint256 gasLimit)
```





#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| target `indexed` | address | undefined |
| sender  | address | undefined |
| message  | bytes | undefined |
| messageNonce  | uint256 | undefined |
| gasLimit  | uint256 | undefined |
